Sister, the tea has arrived.
Qin Feng is now attending his brother's engagement party
engagement party
We also found out that his brother's name is Couple
Is the department director of our company
So coincidentally
Then you hurry up and spare
We're leaving this time
Don't meet me, I don't have the qualifications
Hahaha Qin Ming
You and your brother are my children as well.
It's my hero and his you
How did you become like this?
Mom, I can move my words, you can educate me
What are you doing
This is their director
What about the director of the Tang Group?
Always kill the chicken and get out of the way
i
Director of the Tang Group
You can violate your conscience
Have you heard of Fujin without respect?
Please give up.
Why are you
Qin Feng, you want to accuse me?
It's all peeing to see what you look like
I can't fight you now
You win, you can't even come up with a decent example
You don't look down on me
Why did you abandon me when you were sad?
It's a good look
sigh
It's disgusting.
Even the broken house is too embarrassed to take it out and give it away
Does the dog do it?
That's what you take as a treasure
The identity and status of all the people present
It's beyond your reach.
Director Qin is even more outstanding
Everything in every river here
Hundreds of thousands of bases
For second-hand housing
It doesn't matter who we use to eat it
Hahahaha
Do you hear me?
Ah, this is the gap between you and me
Like to flatter
Show some sincerity